Add English articles for OMIC 4K 2019 & 2022 (#7900)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/OMIC/2022_4K/en.md

tags:
  - O!MIC 4K 2022
  - OMIC
---

# osu!mania 4K Indonesia Cup 2022

![O!MIC 4K 2022 Logo](img/logo.png)

The **osu!mania 4K Indonesia Cup 2022** (***O!MIC 4K 2022***) was a nationwide osu!mania 4K one-to-one tournament that was open exclusively to Indonesian players, with double-elimination bracket system. This tournament was the fifth iteration of the osu!mania 4K Indonesia Cup series.

## Tournament schedule 

| Event | Timestamp |
| --: | :-- |

> | Registration Phase | 2022-05-28/2022-06-11 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Registration phase | 2022-05-28/2022-06-11 |
```

| Live drawings | 2022-06-11/2022-06-25 |
| Qualifiers | 2022-07-02/2022-07-03 |
| Round of 32 | 2022-07-09/2022-07-10 |
| Round of 16 | 2022-07-16/2022-07-17 |
| Quarterfinal | 2022-07-23/2022-07-24 |
| Semifinal | 2022-07-30/2022-07-31 |
| Final | 2022-08-06/2022-08-07 |
| Grand Final | 2022-08-20/2022-08-21 |

## Prizes

| Placing | Price(s) |
| :-: | :-- |

> | ![Gold Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "First place") | 500,000 IDR, *profile banner* |
> | ![Silver Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "Second place") | 300,000 IDR, *profile banner* |
> | ![Bronze Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "Third place") | 250,000 IDR, *profile banner* |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ![Gold Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "First place") | 500,000 IDR, profile banner |
| ![Silver Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "Second place") | 300,000 IDR, profile banner |
| ![Bronze Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "Third place") | 250,000 IDR, profile banner |
```

> ## Tournament Staffs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Organisation
```

The O!MIC 4K 2022 was run by various osu! community members that are mostly Indonesian.

| Position | Member(s) |
| :-- | :-- |
| Organiser | ::{ flag=ID }:: [Reyi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13385865), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Antipole](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17258072) |
| Mappool selector | ::{ flag=ID }:: [Antipole](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17258072), ::{ flag=ID }:: [\[Crz\]Crysarlene](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5492871), ::{ flag=SG }:: [Eliminate 2](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12297375), ::{ flag=ID }:: [FelixSpade](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2651304), ::{ flag=ID }:: [\[GS\]Rei](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11964257), ::{ flag=GB }:: [TingMomentum](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12489832) |

> | Mappool creator | ::{ flag=ID }:: [Ainer](), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Angki](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9038483), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Antipole](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17258072), ::{ flag=ID }:: [FelixSpade](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2651304), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Reyi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13385865), ::{ flag=GB }:: [TingMomentum](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12489832) |

Author: I think they are restricted currently (probably will add their user link when they got unrestricted....) 😢

| Commentator | ::{ flag=ID }:: [2ndlegend](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7621604), ::{ flag=ID }:: [AZKiFanboy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5179764), ::{ flag=ID }:: [EstaticStatisIO](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17237364), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Oofyxl](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/20599160), ::{ flag=ID }:: [RayhanDelanova](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17898143), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Revv-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12424909) |
| Designer | ::{ flag=ID }:: [Yui Funami](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14752579) |
| Sheet manager | ::{ flag=GB }:: [chromb](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10238680), ::{ flag=ID }:: [KotoriPana](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6866937), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Sies](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6491991) |
| Wiki editor | ::{ flag=ID }:: [KotoriPana](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6866937), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Sies](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6491991) |
| Sponsor | ::{ flag=ID }:: [Wowcake](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16121851) |

## Links

> - **[Master Spreadsheet](https://s.id/OMIC2022MasterSheet)**

Reviewer 2: consistency with below
```suggestion
- **[Master spreadsheet](https://s.id/OMIC2022MasterSheet)**
```

- [Discussion thread](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1581867?n=1)
- [Livestream](https://www.twitch.tv/osumic_live)
- [Discord server](https://discord.gg/pfjjrbtRCh)
- [Challonge bracket](https://challonge.com/omic2022)

## Participants 

> Below are the list of players that qualified to Round of 32 (alongside with each seed) from rhe total of 46 players that were registered.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Below is the list of players that qualified to Round of 32 (alongside with each seed) from the total of 46 players that were registered.
```

| Mid | ::{ flag=ID }:: [Heriza-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8911771), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Proxae](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8410575), ::{ flag=ID }:: [CrossModic](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/25253022), ::{ flag=ID }:: [EVIRE-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11405908), ::{ flag=ID }:: [AzusaNakano2](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9821346), ::{ flag=ID }:: [spectator\_boi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17400577), ::{ flag=ID }:: [KinoJourney](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/15798093), ::{ flag=ID }:: [LuxSayaka](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8382579) |
| Low | ::{ flag=ID }:: [danar mw](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13859109), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Lordkolp](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/19330937), ::{ flag=ID }:: [\[ Albedo \]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14584195), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Dogethedoge25](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/15597315), ::{ flag=ID }:: [MzLord](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14659672), ::{ flag=ID }:: [HorizonID](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/15881992), ::{ flag=ID }:: [KyoukaRy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13403380), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Yururu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4932319) |

## Podium

This competition has come to an end and resulted in the following podium:

| Placing | Player |
| :-: | :-- |

> | ![Gold Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "First place") | ::{ flag=ID }:: [\[Albert\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12689667) |
> | ![Silver Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "Second place") | ::{ flag=ID }:: [RetroEX](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10540515) |
> | ![Bronze Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "Third place") | ::{ flag=ID }:: [Onta\_Bekasi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8677684) |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| ![Gold crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | ::{ flag=ID }:: [\[Albert\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12689667) |
| ![Silver crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | ::{ flag=ID }:: [RetroEX](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10540515) |
| ![Bronze crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | ::{ flag=ID }:: [Onta\_Bekasi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8677684) |
```

> ## Mappool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Mappools
```

> ### Grand Final

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Grand Finals
```

  9. [Divine Heresy - Bleed The Fifth (Shoegazer) \[Deception 1.2x (286bpm)\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1481039#mania/3040598)
  10. [Xanopticon - Drunxpla (axtrmnt) \[static \[1,05x Rate\]\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1329447#mania/2754137)
  11. [Aquellex - Wanderflux (Halogen-) \[Extirpate 1.1x (280bpm)\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1564822#mania/3195739)
  12. [Jeff Williams & Casey Lee Williams - Armed and Ready (wolfyou) \[Revitalization \[1.1x Rate\]\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1530510#mania/3148456)
  13. [KSHMR & Vini Vici - Indian Rave (TingMomentum) \[Stage 3: Rave \[1.2x Rate\]\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1593155#mania/3725713)
  14. [technoplanet - Inscape \[Extended Mix\] (Toaph Daddy) \[Eternal x1.1\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1759394#mania/3600842)
  15. [Kaneko Chiharu - iLLness LiLin (guden) \[LiLith 1.05x\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1753466#mania/3588369)
- Tiebreaker
  1. **[deltaH, Gardens, glasse, Musature, Myntian, Sad Keyboard Guy - Rite of Ascendancy (Cut Ver.) (Antipole) \[Transfigured 1.05x (168bpm)\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1828448#mania/3752662)**

> ### Final

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Finals
```

  8. [E-Type - Russian Lullaby (Jole) \[blin 1.1x (163bpm)\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1538061#mania/3144683)
  9. [Camellia as "Bang Riot" - Blastix Riotz ("Fullblast" Long ver.) (FelixSpade) \[Batarakala (cut)\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1546463#mania/3171065)
  10. [Her Bright Skies - The Glorious (Final Sketch Remix) (Shoegazer) \[Another 1.1x (286bpm)\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/852660#mania/3553821)
  11. [kaitendaentai - Hizai ni Negu (guden) \[:/materialize\\\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1304769#mania/2747088)
  12. [DJ SHARPNEL - MOONEARTH (Shoegazer) \[Incursion 1.3x (247bpm)\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1413349#mania/3062652)
  13. [syatten - aliceblue (Radio Edit) (Mipha-) \[miphather 1.1x (152bpm)\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1461974#mania/3195259)
  14. [Zekk - Duplication (Reyi) \[Envision\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1801197#mania/3713892)
  15. [Camellia - #1f1e33 (Eclipse-) \[Eclipse & Sitek's Sapphire Dusk\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1241616#mania/2581351)
- Tiebreaker
  1. **[Sad Keyboard Guy, Gardens - NekovhParavh (MyZterioN-) \[Repressed Memory\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1791026#mania/3670181)**

> ### Quarterfinal

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Quarterfinals
```

  5. [rejection - Aimai Attitude (feat. Nakamura Sanso) (komugii) \[Obscure Love\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1381611#mania/3498128)
  6. [Kommisar - Yamada Stream (DannyPX) \[edit 1.1x (280bpm)\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1167743#mania/2842360)
  7. [Night Tempo - Nemure (Valedict) \[Rest\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/562937#mania/1190462)
  8. [The Ghost of 3.13 - Path To Nowhere (Shoegazer) \[Hopeless\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/422800#mania/913882)
  9. [PSYQUI - Eyes on me feat. Such (HowToPlayLN) \[Stage 4: Focused\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1196939#mania/2493320)
  10. [ARM feat.Nicole Curry - Come to Life (HowToPlayLN) \[Inspiration\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1117755#mania/2334914)
- Tiebreaker
  1. **[Camellia - liquated (Eclipse-) \[gragh grag\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1174195#mania/2448995)**

### Qualifiers 

**[Download the mappack here! (21 MB)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1FbXVE1THzf6MDHeU0uSRJC2X6m9pt-T_/view?usp=sharing)**

- FreeMod
  1. [LeaF - MARENOL 1mg (Angki) \[Stage 1: Hallucination\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1793984#mania/3676731)

>   2. [Raytoly - Back To You ~Raytoly's Together Remix~ (Antipole) \[Stage 2: Solitude\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1793980#mania/3676726)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  2. [Raytoly - Back To You \~Raytoly's Together Remix\~ (Antipole) \[Stage 2: Solitude\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1793980#mania/3676726)
```

  3. [succducc - me & u (Kara Edit) (TingMomentum) \[Stage 3: Affection\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1794198#mania/3677199)
  4. [Laur - Exitium (zutu) \[Stage 4: Destruction\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1793987#mania/3676738)
  5. [USAO & Camellia - Mobius (FelixSpade) \[Stage 5: Ouroboros\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1793983#mania/3676730)

## Match results 

> ### Grand Final

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Grand Finals
```

Saturday, 20 August 2022:

| Bracket | Player 1 |  |  | Player 2 | Match link |
| :-: | --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| Loser Final | Onta\_Bekasi ::{ flag=ID }:: | 0 | **7** | ::{ flag=ID }:: **\[Albert\]** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/103203535) |

Sunday, 21 August 2022:

| Bracket | Player 1 |  |  | Player 2 | Match link |
| :-: | --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| Grand Final | RetroEX ::{ flag=ID }:: | 1 | **7** | ::{ flag=ID }:: **\[Albert\]** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/103225169) |
| Bracket Reset | **\[Albert\]** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **7** | 1 | ::{ flag=ID }:: RetroEX | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/103230619) |

> ### Final

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Finals
```

Saturday, 6 August 2022:

| Bracket | Player 1 |  |  | Player 2 | Match link |
| :-: | --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| Loser | adihza ::{ flag=ID }:: | -1 | **0** | ::{ flag=ID }:: **Proxae** | *win by default* |
| Loser | **\[Albert\]** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **7** | 1 | ::{ flag=ID }:: Dellia | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/102861227) |

Sunday, 7 August 2022:

| Bracket | Player 1 |  |  | Player 2 | Match link |
| :-: | --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| Loser | **\[Albert\]** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **7** | 3 | ::{ flag=ID }:: Proxae | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/102884090) |
| Winner | **RetroEX** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **7** | 2 | ::{ flag=ID }:: Onta\_Bekasi | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/102888337) |

> ### Senifinal

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Semifinals
```

| Loser | **Fieristik** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **6** | 5 | ::{ flag=ID }:: Heriza- | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/102678172) |
| Loser | **Dellia** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **6** | 1 | ::{ flag=ID }:: haickalmh | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/102679987) |
| Loser | Fr05tyGD ::{ flag=ID }:: | 5 | **6** | ::{ flag=ID }:: **Proxae** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/102681495) |
| Winner | **Onta\_Bekasi** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **0** | -1 | ::{ flag=ID }:: \[Albert\] | *win by default* |

Sunday, 31 July 2022:

| Bracket | Player 1 |  |  | Player 2 | Match link |
| :-: | --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| Loser | **Proxae** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **6** | 2 | ::{ flag=ID }:: Fieristik | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/102703284) |
| Loser | \[ReyZ\] ::{ flag=ID }:: | -1 | **0** | ::{ flag=ID }:: **Dellia** | *win by default* |
| Winner | **RetroEX** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **6** | 4 | ::{ flag=ID }:: adihza | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/102708382), [#2](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/102709883) |

> ### Quarterfinal

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Quarterfinals
```

Sunday, 10 July 2022:

| Bracket | Player 1 |  |  | Player 2 | Match link |
| :-: | --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| Winner | Revv- ::{ flag=ID }:: | -1 | **0** | ::{ flag=ID }:: **LuxSayaka** | *win by default* |
| Winner | **Onta\_Bekasi** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **0** | -1 | ::{ flag=ID }:: KyoukaRy | *win by default* |
| Winner | **haickalmh** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **4** | 1 | ::{ flag=ID }:: Lordkolp | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/102151359) |
| Winner | **Fieristik** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **4** | 1 | ::{ flag=ID }:: KinoJourney | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/102152651) |
| Winner | **Fr05tyGD** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **4** | 0 | ::{ flag=ID }:: HorizonID | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/102154216) |
| Winner | **\[ -Asriel- \]** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **0** | -1 | ::{ flag=ID }:: CrossModic | *win by default* |
| Winner | **HEAL\_69** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **4** | 2 | ::{ flag=ID }:: Proxae | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/102156827) |
| Winner | **\[Albert\]** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **4** | 1 | ::{ flag=ID }:: \[ Albedo \] | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/102156682) |

> ## Rules

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Ruleset
```

### Registration rules

- There is no limit to the amount of participants.

> - Participant should register on the links that are already provided.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Participants should register on the links that are already provided.
```

> - Flag on each participant's osu! account must be**Indonesia**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Flag on each participant's osu! account must be **Indonesia**.
```

- The lowest rank for this tournament is **#5000 4K Global**.

> - All of the tournament staffs are not permitted to participate as a player on this tournament, except for staff that are taking the position of the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- All of the tournament staff are not permitted to participate as a player on this tournament, except for staff that are taking the position of the following:
```

> - - Tournament staff members are not permitted to participate as players in this tournament, except for the following positions:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Tournament staff members are not permitted to participate as players in this tournament, except for the following positions:
```

  - Streamer 
  - Commentator 
  - Designer 
- Every registering participant will be required to go through a session of [screening](/wiki/Tournaments/Official_support#tournament-screening) held by the Tournament Management.

> ### General Rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### General rules
```

- Matches will be held every Saturday and Sunday.
- The scoring system for this tournament is Score V2.
- Mappool for each round will be **announced by the staff** every Sunday after the previous round is over.
- All players should **download all maps** for the mappool before the match starts.

> - If there is no referee during the match time, please inform the **Organizer staff**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If there is no referee during the match time, please inform the **organizer staff**.
```

> - If there is no referee during the match time, players are expected to inform the **organizer staff** in due time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If there is no referee during match time, players are expected to inform an **organiser** in due time.
```

- Participants are expected to **show up on time** according to the schedule.
- The staff can only give a delay of **10 minutes**.

> - If a player has a connection problem that they left the match, then the decision will be **determined by the referee** which is **absolute**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If a player has a connection problem, the result of which is them disconnecting from the match, then the decision will be **determined by the referee** which is **absolute**.
```

- Players must follow the [rules](/wiki/Rules) that has been set by the game.

> ### Match Regulation 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Match regulation
```

- All players who follow and fulfill all the registration requirements of this tournament will enter the Qualifiers round.
- Each lobby contains a maximum of 8 players in the Qualifiers round.

> - Players are allowes to use visual mods such as (HD), Flashlight (FL), Fade In (FI), and Mirror (MR).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Players are allowed to use visual mods such as (HD), Flashlight (FL), Fade In (FI), and Mirror (MR).
```

- Players will play 2 maps for a warm-up session that had been selected by the player that rolled the highest.

> #### Qualifiers Round

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Qualifiers
```

- The maximum number of players to enter the next round is 32 players.

> - In the Qualifiers round there will be 5 maps in the mappool that have different skillsets, all of these maps will be created by the mappool selector.

Reviewer 2: same question as above

Author: fixed

> - All players will have 2 chances to play in each map, which means a total of 10 songs played.

Reviewer 2: same question as above

> - The highest score played for each beatmap will be accounted and the Qualifiers score will be accumulated based on the comparison of scores of other players.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The highest score played for each beatmap will be counted and the Qualifiers score will be accumulated based on the comparison of scores of other players.
```

- After the Qualifiers round ends there will be a distribution of players based on seed.

>   - The function of seed is for the distribution of the next round, where players are randomized based on different seed.

Reviewer 2: same as above

  - Seed distribution is based on the player's position in the Qualifiers:
    - 1-8: Top seed
    - 9-16: High seed
    - 17-24: Medium seed
    - 25-32: Low seed

> #### Round of 32 until Grand Final

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Round of 32 until Grand Finals
```

>   - Seed distribution based on position in the Qualifiers :

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Seed distribution is based on the players position in the Qualifiers:
```

> - If one of the players is not present, then the player who is present in the match will be declared **win automatically (*win by default*)**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If one of the players is not present, then the player who is present in the match will be declared **winner (*win by default*)**.
```

  - Before the game starts, players will roll first. Players who win in the roll can choose **to protect or ban** first and followed by the player who lost the roll. After both players have determined the map that is protected and banned, the player will choose the map that is going to be played.
  - If both players got the same score, then **the match will be replayed using the same map**.

>   - The Tiebreaker map is played when both players get a difference of one in point with the winning points that **should have gotten** to **win the match**.

Reviewer 2: same question as above

- The mappool composition for each round in the knockout phase is as follows:
  - Round of 32 : Best of 7 (10 maps, including 1 tiebreaker)
  - Round of 16 : Best of 9 (11 maps, including 1 tiebreaker)

>   - Quarterfinal : Best of 11 (13 maps, including 1 tiebreaker)
>   - Semifinal : Best of 11 (15 maps, including 1 tiebreaker)
>   - Final – Grand Final : Best of 13 (15 maps, including 1 tiebreaker)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - Quarterfinals : Best of 11 (13 maps, including 1 tiebreaker)
  - Semifinals : Best of 11 (15 maps, including 1 tiebreaker)
  - Finals – Grand Finals : Best of 13 (15 maps, including 1 tiebreaker)
```

- Starting from the Bracket Stage, a **double elimination*** system will be applied. This system gives each player 2 opportunities to compete, with the following description:

>   - Player A beats player B. Player A will advance to the next round, and so will player B. But player B will enter the loser bracket (a special bracket for players who have already lost **one time**).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Player A beats player B. Player A will advance to the next round, and so will player B. But player B will enter the losers bracket (a special bracket for players who have already lost **one time**).
```

>   - If player B loses again in the loser bracket, then player B will **fall out of the tournament**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - If player B loses again in the losers bracket, then player B will be **eliminated from the tournament**.
```
